this is the twentieth one or the sixty seventh one or the eleventh one or the first one ?
the int number is zero or one or two or three or seventeen or minus seventeen or twenty or twenty two or thirty or forty or fourty or fifty or sixty or seventy or eighty or ninety or forty third or fifty five or one hundred million or one billion or one thousand thirty one or one thousand and thirty one or minus one thousand and thirty one or seven hundred eighty nine or four hundred fifty six thousand nine or four hundred fifty six thousand and nine or four hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred and nine or four hundred fifty six thousand and seven hundred and nine or four hundred and six thousand seven hundred and nine or one hundred twenty three thousand seven hundred eighty nine or one hundred twenty three million seven hundred eighty nine or one hundred twenty three million four hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred eighty nine or one hundred twenty three million four hundred and six thousand seven hundred eighty nine or one hundred twenty three million four hundred and six thousand seven hundred and nine or one hundred twenty three million four hundred thousand seven hundred and nine or one hundred twenty three billion four hundred thousand seven hundred and nine
the float number is one hundred twenty three million seven hundred eighty nine point six or one hundred twenty three million four hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred eighty nine point zero or one hundred million four hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred eighty nine dot twenty or minus one hundred twenty three million fifty six thousand eighty nine dot twenty two or three hundred and three dot five or three point twenty three or two point three million or zero point four or point three or twenty three point four five or minus twelve point five o o six
twenty three point  four five percent or twenty three dot four five percent or three point twenty three pounds per horsepower
we have three point twenty three pounds or three point twenty three pound or fifty five pounds or two thousand pounds or two point three million dollars or twenty three usd or twenty three australian dollars or twenty three rupees or five pounds thirty three pence or five pounds three pence or one dollar and fifteen cents or fifty rupees thirty paise or five pounds three or three cents or twenty three pence or twenty paise or three million dollars three
the time is seven a m eastern standard time or ten past four or twelve past one or two o clock a m or quarter to two or quarter past two or half past two or five o' clock or two o eight or two thirty five or two thirty five am or two pm or twelve thirty p m
the date is june nineteen sixty or twenty one thirties or twenty tens or twenty twenties or two thousands or twelve hundreds or may fifth twenty twelve or may fifth or five may or january fifth twenty twelve or the fifth of january twenty twelve or may five twenty twelve or five may twenty twelve
the url is c d f one at a b c dot e d u or h t t p colon slash slash w w w dot baidu dot com or h t t p s colon slash slash w w w dot baidu dot com or w w w dot baidu dot com or w w w dot c n n dot com slash ass or w w w dot c n n dot com slash a s s
the passward is  four two five five five five
the fraction is a quarter or three sixteenths or a half or a hundredth or one hundredth or two hundredths or two sixths
My phone number is four two five five five five one two one two
twenty three to thirty seven
at first we should do something
three four five
twenty sixth avenue
today is may fifth twenty twelve
a hundred
one hundred twenty three million four hundred thousand seven hundred and nine
Horace Ventimore was a young architect. His cherished dream was to marry his girlfriend Sylvia. He loved her with all his heart. But Horace had neither money nor work. Sylvia's father and mother had no wish to let his daughter marry a poor man without work. The young architect was very sad. He was clever, energetic and talented, but he had no clients. Days passed. Horace sat in his office and nobody asked him to build a house. But once Sylvia's father came with a sudden request. He wanted Horace to buy some Oriental things for him. Horace was surprised and disappointed. He knew nothing about Oriental culture. The young man wanted to refuse, but he wanted to pleasure Sylvia's father. So he agreed.
